The present document is responsible for grouping all the mechanics of the game.

Nomenclature:
HP: Health Points;
FP: Friendship Points;
DP: Defense Points;
Effects: Saturation: Increases HP restoration over time;

Systems {
    Friendship System (After Chapter 2): During gameplay, the player can have one character gift another or, during a fight, use the abilities of inactive characters, granting FP, which can be used to unlock abilities and joint attacks. {
      Friendships: Each character has a type of affinity with certain characters (+40% FP), as well as gifts they appreciate more than others (+15FP).
      Alan:
        Affinity: Raika and Mike;
        Favorite gift: Strawberry and beer;
      Mike:
        Affinity: Alan, Rit, and Deni;
        Favorite gift: Pineapple tortilla;
      Raika:
        Affinity: Alan;
        Favorite gift: Plum, amber, or shadow essence;
      Rit:
        Affinity: Mike and Deni;
        Favorite gift: Refined gold and refined silver;
      Deni:
        Affinity: Mike and Rit;
        Favorite gift: Essence (any nature);
    }
    Fishing System: After Alan returns from the underworld and rescues Raika, there will be a cutscene where Alan and Mike are on the roof talking about life, and eventually, Alan mentions he likes fishing. From then on, there will be points on the map where the player can fish with Alan, obtaining fish for consumption or sale, treasures, quest items, etc.

    Cultivation System: In the same scene where Alan says he likes fishing, Mike says he likes to cultivate things, although it takes some time. {

        Seeds/Seedlings: The player can obtain them in certain stores in the city center. {
          NOTE: Sale price varies according to quality; purchase price varies according to the place where it is bought.

          Chives:
            purchase price: $5-15
            sale price: $20-30
            planting time: 3 days;
            consumption: Restores 10HP;
            gift: *no effects
          Potato:
            purchase price: $20-35
            sale price: $60-75
            planting time: 5 days;
            consumption: Restores 40HP, +5 saturation;
            gift: *no effects
          Strawberry:
            purchase price: $40-50
            sale price: $90-110
            planting time: 7 days;
            consumption: Restores 45HP, +1 saturation;
            gift: +20FP
          }
    }
    Hourly Lighting System and Days System {
        The scenario lighting varies according to the time of day. These times influence the occurrence of certain scenes. If a scene does not happen on one day, it will happen the next day; if the scene is optional, it may not happen.
        The number of days does not influence the story's progress. The player can complete all the necessary events to advance the story in one day or take several days.
        The player can stay awake with the active character for up to 3 days. When staying without sleep, the character will become less active, meaning their attacks will cause less damage and the accuracy rate will reduce. When exceeding 3 days, the character will faint.
    }
    Mission System: There will be a panel in the city center where the player can check and accept or not undertake a mission, in exchange, they will receive money/items; there will also be missions upon meeting certain characters on the map;
}
Buildings {
    Mike's House {
      bed{
        The player can choose to sleep until the next day if it's night, or nap until night if it's daytime.
        If there is a scene, it will happen the next day at its respective time.
      }
      kitchen{
        Here the player can prepare some dishes that can be consumed during battles. To do this, the player can use food that Mike has cultivated or bought in the center.
        Available only after Chapter 2. If the player interacts with the kitchen before this, Mike will say one of the following lines:
          #1: Mike: Uh ... I think I don't know how to cook something ...
          #2: Mike: Not gonna happen, better not.
          #3: Mike: Maybe another time, I have no idea how to cook yet.
        After Chapter 2, Alan will be living with Mike. If the active character is Mike, he will say some of these things and the player can interact:
          #1: Hmm ... Maybe I can make some of these things.
          #2: I'll have something.
          #3: Let's do it.
          #4: So hungry, I guess I'll have to fend for myself.
        If the active character is Alan, he will say some of these things and the player can interact:
          #1: I think Mike would like it if I made something.
          #2: Make something different today.
          #3: See what I can do.
      }
    }
}

Battle Techniques {
    Fusion {
      Fusion is a battle technique that consists of the maximum connection between two or more people. When the fusion is performed, thoughts, vision, and abilities are shared between the participants so that both can use them freely.
      The higher the affinity between the users, the stronger the fusion, resulting in more powerful techniques such as controlling each other, merging weapons and magic, and mutual substitution (one character swaps places with the other in the fusion (teleportation)).
      Fusion is an extremely unstable technique and requires maximum concentration from all users. In cases of lower affinity between the users, it may be necessary for one of them to stay out of the fight to maintain the fusion.
      Fusion must be undone correctly; otherwise, it results in the loss of consciousness of all users until the end of the fight.
During gameplay, some minigames will appear to keep the fusion active and use abilities together. Guidance signals will appear on the screen according to what the characters in the fusion are seeing.
      Performing a successful fusion results in +50FP.
      Fusion consumes the characters' vital energy, meaning they will be exhausted. Fusion can only be performed once per fight.
      Fusion has a life bar, and when a character is hit, it will also be affected.
      Each character capable of performing fusion has a rune, each rune grants exclusive characteristics to the users during fusion. Runes {
        Raika: Ellof Rune;
        Deni: Krip Rune;
        Rit: Capston Rune;
        Mike: Light Rune;
        Alan: Shadow Rune;
      }
      Fusion will be introduced into the game in Chapter 4.
      Initially, only Deni and Rit can perform fusion. The two will teach the other characters when the organization is formed.
      Details: When fusion is performed, in the same place where the character's rune is, the runes of all characters will form.
    }
}

